https://github.com/alipay/sofa-hessian  com.alipay.sofa:hessian
https://github.com/HtmlUnit/htmlunit-neko.git  net.sourceforge.htmlunit:neko-htmlunit
https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-databind.git  com.fasterxml.jackson.core:jackson-databind
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-mongodb.git  org.springframework.data:spring-data-mongodb
https://github.com/apache/hadoop  org.apache.hadoop:hadoop-common
https://github.com/diffplug/spotless  com.diffplug.spotless:spotless-plugin-gradle
https://github.com/apache/tomcat  org.apache.tomcat:tomcat
https://github.com/eclipse/californium  org.eclipse.californium:californium-core
https://github.com/xuxueli/xxl-job  com.xuxueli:xxl-job-core
https://github.com/samtools/htsjdk  com.github.samtools:htsjdk
https://github.com/apache/tika.git  org.apache.tika:tika-core
https://github.com/codehaus-plexus/plexus-archiver  org.codehaus.plexus:plexus-archiver
https://github.com/jettison-json/jettison  org.codehaus.jettison:jettison
https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus  io.quarkus:quarkus-vertx-http
https://github.com/apache/karaf  org.apache.karaf:apache-karaf
https://github.com/eclipse-vertx/vert.x.git  io.vertx:vertx-web
https://github.com/apache/dubbo.git  org.apache.dubbo:dubbo
https://github.com/jfinal/jfinal.git  com.jfinal:jfinal
https://github.com/vt-middleware/cryptacular  org.cryptacular:cryptacular
https://github.com/OpenTSDB/opentsdb  net.opentsdb:opentsdb
https://github.com/apache/dubbo-hessian-lite  com.alibaba:hessian-lite
https://github.com/javamonkey/beetl2.0  com.ibeetl:beetl